Clarify documentation on building Firecracker without devtool (#3223)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/getting-started.md

tools/devtool --help
```

### Alternative: Building Firecracker without devtool

It is possible to build Firecracker without invoking `devtool` by instead running
`cargo build`. However, binaries generated like this should not be used in production 
and are considered experimental. 

> If you are trying to build Firecracker without `devtool` on an ARM machine, be advised 
> that our `.cargo/config` files specifies the default target to be `x86_64-unknown-linux-musl`,
> meaning you will by default be cross-compiling. Should this not be desired, you
> have to manually pass the `--target aarch64-unknown-linux-musl` flag to `cargo build`.

Reviewer: Nit: It could be slightly re-worded to be a bit more concise and a bit less prescriptive.
```suggestion
By default Firecracker builds for`x86_64-unknown-linux-musl` target (set in `.cargo/config`). To build for another target you will need to manually pass the `--target` flag to `cargo build` (e.g. `cargo build --target aarch64-unknown-linux-musl`).
```

Author: Mh, the crux to me here is that you have to specify the `--target` flag even though you want to compile for ARM on ARM (e.g. to _not_ cross-compile, you have to pass `--target`). Let me see if I can get that conveyed a bit more precisely
